SSH Service
The Secure SHell service is most commonly
used to remotely access a computer,
using a secure, encrypted protocol.
The SSH service is TCP-based and
listens by default on port 22.
To start the SSH service, run systemCTL
with the start option
followed by the service name,
in this case, ssh.
When the command completes successfully,
it does not return any output
but we can verify that the SSH service is
running and listening on TCP port 22
by issuing the ss command
and piping the output into grep to
search the output for “sshd”.
To start the SSH service automatically
at boot time
(after changing the default Kali
password),
we pass systemCTL the enable
parameter.
We can use systemCTL to enable and
disable most services within Kali Linux.